Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
How much
for that ticket?
N-no. I-I need to
leave today.
Um...
Oh. wow. that's-that's
expensive. Um...
Uh. what's-what's
the cheapest ticket you got?
And to where?
Uh. yeah. okay.
Okay. what time?
I-I'll need to come up
with the rest. Bob.
I'll be there. thanks.
Selma.
Where you at. Selma?
I got you!
Where the hell do you
think you're going.
my sweet little Selma?
I won't let you
do this to me anymore.
You just wait a minute.
Selma. okay?
-No.
-Baby. I'm your husband!
By the way. I'm staying
the weekend at Carla's.
Excuse me. are you
asking or telling?
Dad?
I'm okay with it.
as long as your mother is.
Thanks. Nolan. such a big help.
You know how I feel about
Carla and her mother.
Why can't you just
be cool about this?
Dad's cool.
Your father and I don't
work our butts off
to put you through one of
the best schools in the state
just so you can hang out
with some flunky
who'll. let's face it.
become one of those sugar babies
or whatever they're called.
Let's just slow down a minute.
Willow. who else will be there?
Cindy and Rosa.
Great. and I thought it
couldn't get any worse.
Why do you have to be like this?
I get good grades.
I don't get into trouble. ever.
Willow. honey. I know it doesn't
seem like it. but I get it.
I know how unfair life
can seem at 15.
Just trust that I have your
best interests at heart.
Plus. someone needs to enforce
the rules around here.
Please. Mom.
just this one time.
I'll even babysit for the
Johnson's like you asked.
Showing initiative.
I like that.
The answer is still no. Willow.
I hate you.
She doesn't hate you.
I know. I push her hard.
it's just...
She has so much
potential. Nolan.
I won't let her waste it.
I've seen it happen before.
growing up in
an unstructured home.
That's why I practically
kill myself
trying to make sure everything
is perfect for this family.
Maybe that's just it.
You don't have to make
everything perfect. Madison.
You're gonna be late.
- Hey. you wanna drive?
- Yes!
I hate you.
I'm sorry. Selma.
We have a three night
limits on the beds.
I can call down to
Linden or Stonebrook.
they should have room for you.
No. th-that's okay. I. uh...
I should find something
better. anyways.
Can't keep bouncing
around like this.
You gonna be okay. honey?
Uh. yeah. yeah. I'll be okay.
I got one option left.
My family.
Thanks.
I think we.
as heads of the cheer squad
need to take these issues
more seriously. Heh.
Well. maybe if you spent
less time at the country club
and more time...
You try telling my husband
to put down the golf club.
then we can talk.
Uh. excuse me.
Hey. big sis.
Selma.
What are you doing here?
Uh. what's it been like.
eight. eight years?
I stopped keeping track.
Again. what are
you doing here?
Um. yeah. I was headed out
West. maybe California.
So I just thought that...
Uh. yeah. t-tr...
Truth is. I'm kind of in a jam.
Surprise.
Yeah. well. this time
it's different. Um...
I-I really need help.
Can't wait to hear this one.
So. all those other times
you came to me for help
with all the lying and the
stealing. those don't count?
Just this one?
Please. I'm all ears.
You know what?
Just forget it.
Uh. this was a mistake.
You are absolutely right.
it was.
And if you find yourself
at this door again.
I won't open it.
Can I help you. gentlemen?
You've seen her?
Figure she might have
been along this way.
You're from out of state.
To give out any information.
I'll need the local
authorities present with you.
for the safety of the woman.
You're aware of this.
We don't have time
for this. Mickey.
Excuse Ajax.
He's very passionate
about helping people.
Now you want what's best
for the woman. am I right?
So what do you say. help us out?
I say you can come back
with the local P.D.
and the appropriate papers.
and I'd be happy to help you.
And we completely understand.
My partner and I are only
looking out
for her best interest.
I promise.
We're here to help Selma.
So what do you say. help us out?
-You know. why don't I--
-Hey. we tried.
Hey. give that back.
I got it.
Hey. this was fun...
am I right. Tamara?
Where's Willow?
With some friends.
Not those friends.
I'm picking her up later.
Okay.
You'll never guess who showed up
at our doorstep today.
Selma.
Your little sister. Selma?
Do you mind putting that down
for just one second?
Sorry.
Why didn't she stay for dinner?
I have told you the history
that Selma and I have.
She was kind of flighty.
or something like that?
We haven't talked in
seven or eight years.
-After your mom?
-Shortly after.
When... mom got sick...
liver gave out...
Selma went wild.
Partying all night. would
disappear for days on end.
I was left to take care
of our dying mom...
on my own.
You both were quite young.
Selma was just a few years
older than Willow is now.
Willow is safe and sound in bed.
Think it was a good thing
to let her stay out a bit.
Did I do the right thing today?
With what. Willow?
My sister.
Well. if I'm being honest...
if she showed up to face you.
she probably really
needs the help.
Been looking all over for you.
Madison. what are
you doing here?
So...
What'd you do this time?
Heh. After all these years. I
guess you haven't changed much.
Yeah. you haven't either.
Little Selma.
Free spirit everyone loved.
Wild child that
could do no wrong.
Got you pretty far in life. huh?
Look... I decided to get out
of a bad situation. okay?
I needed a place the
crash for a couple nights.
If I had another option.
I'd take it. but I'm good.
Is that so?
How'd that happen?
Look. I really appreciate
you finding me.
I'm sure you mean well.
But... I'll be all right. Maddy.
"Maddy." No one's called me
that in years.
I gotta get going.
For what it was worth.
it was good seeing you.
Selma. wait.
Just wait.
That was taken by the
area's premier photographer.
Wolf Landen.
I don't know why
I just said that.
Willow's gotten so big.
I can barely recognize her.
Selma...
I need to know you won't bring
anything bad into my home.
Oh.
I got as far away from
all that as I possibly could.
I just need a place to.
you know.
sort myself out for a couple
days before I go out West.
California. you mentioned?
Yeah. maybe. you know.
feels like a fresh start.
Anywhere but here.
Wow.
Looks like you've done
well for yourself.
Always knew that you would.
-It's all Nolan really.
-No...
I can tell this-this is all you.
I'm happy for you. Madison.
Well. I made up the guest
bedroom. has its own bathroom
so make yourself at home.
This means so much to me.
Thank you.
You think that you
can just go out...
hmm. without my permission?
You dragged me out
of that bar in front of
everyone. you psycho.
And who do you think is gonna
do a damn thing about it?
I love it.
Well. you can totally have it.
- What's going on here?
- -Just some girl talk.
We've been chatting all morning
getting to know each other.
Let's please. please
talk some more later. okay?
Yeah. of course.
You're so cool.
I wish you were here more.
I could really use
the chill vibes.
Good morning to you.
too. Willow.
As much as I try to deny it.
there's a lot of you
and that young lady
and it scares the hell outta me.
I wouldn't worry too much.
She's a good girl.
You did real good.
So I am heading out
to run some errands.
I thought you might
wanna come along.
pick up some stuff
for your trip.
Uh. you know what?
I think I'd like to stay
if that's okay.
I haven't really had
a chance to sit and be.
Totally understand.
I don't think anyone will
be home for a couple hours.
so take a bath.
enjoy yourself.
This is. this is good.
isn't it?
Yeah. yeah. it is.
Just doing some laundry.
Hello?
Hey. Maddy. is that you?
I borrowed a shirt.
Ow!
Oh!
Ow.
Great.
Here for a day.
already making a mess.
Come on out. Selma.
Where are you?
We're here to take you home.
Come on.
You know you belong to us now.
Hello?
Did you miss us. sweetheart?
Stay away from me.
you sadistic bastard.
Hey. where do you think
you're going. huh?
You got some debts to pay and
the payment is substantial.
This is fun.
There's nowhere to run.
little rabbit!
Let's just go home.
Maddy. Maddy!
Maddy!
Dammit!
Okay.
Selma?
Making tea? Water's ready.
Selma. what-what is going on?
Shh.
Come on. let's go.
Didn't expect her to be
so feisty. I'm impressed.
Yeah. I'm tired of all
this running around.
Let's flush her out.
make the call.
What the hell
is going on. Selma?
Who are those men in my house?
Just gotta keep driving
a ways. okay?
-Trust me.
-Absolutely not.
We are going straight
to the police station now.
They are the police. Maddy.
What kind of trouble are you in?
The worst kind.
Hello?
Thank God you got Willow
to your parents' house.
Where are you?
Can you please stay there
for a couple days
till the police get this
all straightened out?
No. I left my phone.
When are you
coming home?
I'm going straight
to the police now.
And Selma?
I don't care. I-I don't.
She knowingly put
my family in jeopardy.
She's also your family.
Nolan?
You there?
You'd better find a TV.
Uh. I'll call you back.
Where'd you get these clothes?
Selma. what have
you done to me?
You're right. Maddy.
you should turn yourself in.
They don't want you. okay?
They just want me. It'll be
safer that way. I'll leave.
Selma. my face is plastered
all over the news.
Why don't you go tell them
everything. okay?
You know what?
Tell them I kidnapped you.
You can do that.
I asked you if you were
gonna bring anything bad
into my home and you
looked me in the eyes.
I am so stupid.
You-you lie and lie.
I shot him.
-Selma?
-I shot him down.
Selma?
Selma. what are you saying?
God. I had no other
choice. Maddy.
It was only a matter of time
before he killed me. you know?
I-I had no other way out.
Oh. God. I was gonna tell you
when I first got to your house.
but... you were so upset and...
I just couldn't. okay?
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I didn't know.
Uh...
Let's-let's go
to the police together.
I will help you explain.
-You don't understand.
-I will help.
They are bad cops
in a vile drug ring. okay?
And my husband turned out
to be the leader.
I know how dangerous they are.
I'm the villain now.
And I've seen too much.
Nowhere is safe.
Okay. Uh...
I know you've gotten yourself
into some trouble before.
but you're no murderer.
I know that.
I know somewhere
I can take you.
until we get this sorted out.
I'll drop you off.
you'll be safe there.
Please. please
let me do that.
Okay. okay.
You okay?
Yeah. just a stupid dream.
How long was I out?
The whole drive.
What is this place?
Nolan's brother Billy's
kind of an off-the-grid-hunter
type of guy. he lets us
stay here whenever we want.
It's safe. there's...
canned goods in the kitchen.
extra clothes in the closet.
Cell phones don't work here.
but there's a landline.
I can't thank you enough.
Well. I...
I should get going.
Why don't you just
sleep for a bit?
Just even for an hour.
you drove all night.
Uh...
Yeah. yeah.
Yeah. you're right.
I don't understand.
How is she wanted?
It's only for questioning.
Mr. Thompson.
Someone breaks into her home.
trashes the place.
Now my wife is wanted
for questioning?
She's a cheer mom.
this is ridiculous.
If you hear from your wife.
please call us.
In the meantime. we can add
extra patrol down your street.
Yeah. thanks.
Makes me feel real safe.
Dad. when is mom coming home?
She and your Aunt Selma
are figuring a few things out.
It's complicated. Willow.
Everyone keeps
making fun of them.
calling them Thelma and Louise.
whatever that means.
You know your mom...
she'd never do anything
to hurt this family.
Go get the rest of your stuff
so we can head back
to grandma's.
Okay.
The two
sisters have fled the area
according to authorities.
Selma Carrera is now
wanted in association
with the shooting
of Jason Sinclair.
a respected police offi--
Beautiful. isn't it?
Breathtaking.
Wanted to say.
I'm sorry. Selma.
You're apologizing to me?
After what I just put you
and your family through.
I've come to realize
over the past few days
why I've been so...
hard on my daughter.
I let you down.
I abandoned you
when you needed me the most.
And. now. Willow is
paying for my mistakes.
Yeah. well. as I recall.
I didn't give you
much of a choice.
You were just a kid.
So were you. Maddy.
Really. it's all mom's fault.
Old cow.
Yeah.
It wasn't easy growing up
in that house. was it?
I mean it.
Selma. I'm sorry.
You're a good person.
Just some.
just some bad choices
and some rotten luck.
Which is why
what I'm... about to do
hurts me more than anything.
What are you talking about?
Rusty?
-Hey. Madison.
-Hey. Rusty.
-I trusted you.
-It's for your own good.
What are you gonna do. keep
running the rest of your life?
I failed you once.
I'm not doing it again.
You don't get it.
They will get to me anywhere.
It doesn't matter if
I'm in some police holding cell
they will get to me.
Hey. can we please
just calm down?
I've known Rusty
for a long time.
I trust him. he can help us.
You just killed me.
Can we at least talk about this?
Hey. Selma...
I'm not arresting anyone today.
At least not here.
So. could we please...
go inside and talk?
Well. that is quite a story.
You don't have to believe me.
I don't expect you to.
No. I didn't say that.
I didn't...
That-that's just a whole lot...
to unravel. a whole lot.
I know your sister.
I trust her and her family.
but I don't know you.
-She's not a killer. Rusty.
-Do you have any proof?
Crimes. abuse. self-defense?
No.
I never filed anything.
'cause what's the point?
He had everyone convinced
I was some sort of junkie.
-Look. all I have is my word.
-Obviously. she's not.
I mean. she was
protecting herself.
Who would make that up?
Well. that's not quite
how this works. Madison.
So what do we do?
Will you stay here?
You won't run?
Yeah. I can do that.
I'm being serious. Selma.
I'm not talking
about losing my job.
This is aiding and abetting.
This is prison for me.
So I need you to sit tight.
Hey. Madison...
and I got your word too?
What?
I-I need to
get home to my family.
Willow has practice.
I'm not involved
in any of this.
That A.P.B.. that's out on you.
says otherwise.
So I need you to stay with her.
I'm in the P.T.A.
for God's sake.
Listen. I understand. just
let me check a few things out.
see what I can quietly dig up.
but it might take a day or two.
That might be all I have.
Hey...
why are you doing this for us?
My dad. he's a cop.
my granddad. too.
Most all of us are good people.
And I'm just real tired of
the small few destroying that.
-What'd you think you're doing?
-I'm getting outta here.
-It's not safe.
-Rusty--
Once they catch wind of this...
-They're gonna kill us.
-Rusty will help us.
They'll eat him alive.
-Move. Maddy.
-I gave Rusty my word.
I shot a cop. okay?
When are you gonna get that
through your thick skull?
I am not letting you leave.
Get outta my way.
We're not kids anymore.
I said no.
I'm warning you
for the last time.
I said. I'm leaving.
Looks like your big sister
can still take you.
No. Jason! Jason. no!
Jason. no! Jason!
No. Jason!
S-Selma. Selma!
I would never hurt you.
Selma. it's me. it's me.
Okay?
I'm only trying
to protect you is all.
Sometimes they'd
leave me handcuffed
to the bed for days.
It just pains my heart.
I just. I had no idea. Selma.
I had no control
over my own life.
I had no friends. no car.
I completely belonged to him.
You know...
When you left.
and I was all alone with mom...
things were bad.
She was real bad.
Emotionally. the drinking.
It was almost as if she kinda
just held it all together
until you moved out...
and then let it
completely unravel.
That's why I left.
I was so afraid I was gonna
turn out just like her.
Eventually. I did.
But I'm so tired of running.
I've been running from
everything since I was a kid.
We'll fix this.
We'll go to a lawyer. the press.
right when Rusty says
it's okay to.
I don't even care what happens.
I just won't let them
hurt me anymore.
You better have
something this time.
I don't wanna hear
about nothing.
All right. yeah. that sounds
good to me. I got it.
Did you get anything?
You know I got something.
right around here.
Nice. Okay. this time
we come prepared.
Tired of this
cat and mouse game.
We get outta here.
we're gonna get.
I'm not going back.
God!
I figured you all could
use some groceries.
Thought you might need it.
Can't creep up on people
like that. Rusty.
Come on in.
Some help?
So. where's Madison?
Uh. still sleeping. I guess.
You. uh...
So. did you find anything?
Anything at all?
Well. the bad news...
Right now. you're a cop killer.
And that means there are a
lot of folks gunning for you.
But the good news is that
there's someone down in
Fullerton County who's
got suspicions of their own...
and we've been swapping calls.
Well. do you trust them?
They're a friend of a friend.
So. so far no reason not to.
That's something. I guess.
Look. this internal
business is messy.
It takes time.
I don't want you to
get your hopes up.
No. uh...
I don't... get my hopes up.
not anymore.
So. um...
How do you know Madison?
Oh. college.
We lost touch.
you know. as people do.
And then by chance.
ran into her and the family
a few summers ago. now.
Friends in college. huh?
Well... I'd be lying if there
wasn't a little bit of a crush
in the beginning.
Believe it or not.
I wasn't all this back then.
I was a pimply-faced pup. away
from home for the first time.
And Madison. she helped me
through some really tough times.
She became my best friend.
So I should trust you?
Well. when she called.
I wanted to help.
Look...
I've seen what happens to cops
that rat out other cops.
They get it much worse.
Is that what you want?
You got a death wish?
I want to do the right thing.
Yeah. well.
I trusted a cop once.
Didn't turn out too well.
Well. look at that.
haven't see one of those on you.
What?
A smile.
Looks like you're having
some trouble over there.
I should probably
go check on Madison.
Yeah. I gotta get going too.
I'll see if I can comeback
around later.
Yeah. and. hey. Selma...
Good swing.
I gotta go. okay?
Bye.
How's Nolan?
I had to find out
if they were safe.
Why don't you just go home.
Maddy. okay?
Just go to your family.
I was up all night freaking out.
almost left about three times.
even sat in the car for a while.
Look. they just want me. so
if you get out now. I promise.
you'll never see them again.
No. no.
I have made up my mind.
We are riding this out together.
me and you. until the end.
This isn't a game. Madison.
There's no riding this out.
Truth is...
Truth is. I don't-I don't
wanna go home.
Come again?
Yeah.
Yeah. that's the truth.
I don't understand.
I work so hard to make
everything look perfect
on the outside.
But the inside.
I've seen the inside.
it still looks pretty perfect.
It's not.
I... I feel bad even saying it
because I'm fortunate.
I know that. but just because
you have a nice house.
nice things. it doesn't-it
doesn't-it doesn't fix things.
I know.
No. Nolan's been checked
out for years.
My daughter. she hates me.
You should see how much fun
they have together
when I'm not around.
Maddy. you're their rock.
Sometimes a rock's
gotta be hard.
I've been too hard.
Sometimes downright mean.
You know. it just happens.
Can't even look myself in
the mirror some days.
Sitting in that car last night.
I realized
I need to repair a few things
starting with you.
or... I-I won't move on.
Maddy. we're good. okay?
I love you. go home.
Well... I am not leaving.
So there.
Oh. we have a little problem.
It's empty.
-Good morning. Darlene.
-How you doing. Rusty?
The people from Fulton are here.
Who. now?
The people you wanted to talk to
over the two missing sisters.
Well. that was just supposed
to be another phone call.
Yeah. well. they're here.
I put 'em back in your
office for you.
All right.
-Hold my calls?
-Sure.
He's not answering.
I can't be without my inhaler.
We'll think of something.
Gentlemen.
I'm Deputy Rusty Harris.
Well. we appreciate
the call. Deputy.
Call me Rusty.
Rusty. look. there's a lot
of concerning accusations
floating around at the moment.
I'm sorry. I'm. I was speaking
with an
Officer Bianca Proudfoot.
Who are you guys?
We're the guys they call
when these incidences arise.
If I may ask. why is a sheriff's
deputy from a small town...
calling in on matters
of state police?
Well. I heard a rumor.
-It's my duty to follow up--
-You know what's not a rumor?
Officer Jason Sinclair was shot.
But you know what else
wasn't a rumor?
He was shot by his wife.
That's love for you. am I right?
Did you know what got him?
It was the bullet.
So you continue to
follow your rumors
and we'll follow the facts.
I'm gonna shoot straight
with you. Rusty.
I'm gonna share with you
his wife's file.
And let me tell you.
it is a doozy of a rap sheet.
Go ahead.
Manipulation. stealing.
It goes on.
Look. this was one of
our own. brother.
So we're gonna follow every
lead. and that's why we're here.
This? This is your duty.
so don't you forget that.
This was fun.
Okay. I got my inhaler.
and a little something--
Selma!
I'm not going. I'm not going.
I'm not going.
Oh. you've gotta be kidding me.
-Hey.
-Wh-what do you want?
Stop. right there.
I wanted to tell you
you're pretty.
Can you help an old fella
buy a drink?
- Yeah. yeah. I can do that.
- -Bless you.
Hey. what are you
doing out here. Bob?
Come on. come on. get going.
Thank you. miss.
you're too kind.
Buy some food with that. Bob.
And what are you doing out here?
-And where's Madison?
-I don't know. she left.
We came down here
to pick up a few things.
Oh. is that so?
This was all a
misunderstanding. okay?
Everything with you seems to be
some kind of misunderstanding.
Madison needed her inhaler.
Come on. just get to the car
before somebody sees us.
Don't do that.
Yeah. I got her.
I'll bring her home.
She's fine. Madison. she's fine.
Okay.
I told you to stay put.
If you got something to say.
why don't you say it. Rusty?
Have you told me everything?
What?
I saw your file. all right?
So you probably think
I'm some kind of monster now.
Well. I'll tell you this much.
it doesn't look good.
I've done some things
I'm not proud of. okay?
I partied. I got caught
stealing a couple times. okay?
But that's it. the rest is
just all part of their
plan to keep me a prisoner.
You want me to believe you
over an official file?
-Really?
-Don't do this. Rusty. please.
I'm a small town cop.
My number one call is cattle
blocking the road.
I'm trying to do the
best I can here.
Yeah.
I never asked you to help me.
my sister did.
I never asked for any of this.
I was worried sick.
What happened?
I thought I told you girls
to stay put.
Yeah. I know. I needed
to get something.
What happened?
Madison. how well
do you know your sister?
What are you saying?
Sounded pretty clear.
I know her heart.
I know she's not perfect.
but she's not capable of--
What. are you sure?
Yeah. I am.
Look at all that's happened.
I'll take her word for it.
And. Rusty. you should
take mine. she trusted you.
Do you know how fragile
she is right now?
This is my job
and I have to walk away
from certain things.
Don't give me that.
There's right. there's wrong
and that's it. Rusty.
I know you understand
what that means.
You tell me right now.
you look at that girl
and you see a murderer?
Honestly. right now I don't
know what to think.
Then screw you. Rusty.
You wanna go inside
and arrest her?
That's fine. get ready
to arrest me as well.
Selma. honey?
Selma. come talk to me.
Selma?
Rusty!
-What. what's wrong?
-She's gone.
-What are you talking about?
-She's not in the house.
She's not in the house?
Madison?
Oh. dammit. this is my fault.
-Rusty.
-No. I gotta go find her.
-She couldn't have gotten far.
-I'm coming with you.
If there's anything Selma knows
how to do. it's how to run.
No I need you to stay here.
in case she comes back.
I'm the one that screwed
this up. just let me go
find her and lock everything up
and don't go anywhere.
Okay.
Hey. Rusty. I'm sorry
I snapped at you.
I-I know you're a good man.
Please just-just find her
and keep her safe.
I will.
Thank you.
I'll find another ride out.
thanks.
Hey. Darlene. I told you.
you gotta stop working so late.
Hey. Darlene?
Hey. hey. you tell
your a little friend.
got some special of hers.
something really special.
Let's go. come on.
Yeah. nowhere left to
go. I'm cold. I'm done running.
Oh.
-Hey.
-Oh. Rusty. look at you.
You should see the other guys.
Just take it easy. okay?
We're gonna get you
to a hospital.
Can-can you walk?
Yeah. just-just help me up.
All right. slow.
I didn't wanna believe it.
but it was them.
They're the ones who did
this to me. I know it.
They said they had
something of yours.
Maddy's all alone.
give me your phone.
It's in my back pocket.
Just wait here.
Hello?
Oh. thank God.
Selma. I'm so happy you're okay.
I need you to check the house.
Uh..
I don't...
-I don't want to.
-You have to.
Okay.
There's nothing.
what's going on?
They found us.
I'm with Rusty.
I'm traveling to you right now.
Maddy's okay.
what did they mean?
I don't know. but they-they
did say something else.
What?
"Very special."
They took Willow. I know it.
I'm calling for backup.
-We can go after them.
-Back up?
You said it takes hours
for them to get here.
Selma. I can't-I can't
help you like this.
We just have to wait.
I'm not waiting.
This is Deputy Rusty Harris
at 6435 Anchor Street.
Officer requesting backup.
-What happened?
-Rusty. Madison. look at me...
-Look at me. He's fine. okay?
-Rusty.
All right. help is on the way.
but we have to go now.
I think they have Willow.
What are you talking about?
-Call her.
-What?
I'm so sorry.
If you go out there.
you'll be on your own.
Yeah. well. they just want me.
and I don't care
what happens to me anymore.
I care.
A man. a man answered
Willow's phone.
They're... they're gonna call
back with instructions.
They said to start-start
driving West.
We will get her back. Maddy.
I swear to you. okay?
I will give my life
for your daughter.
Come on. let's go. come on.
Oh. my God.
Look. you can stay here. okay?
I-I have to--
I can do this alone. okay?
I'll get her.
No. no. that is my daughter.
I'm going in.
Okay.
- Willow!
- Mom!
-Give me my daughter.
-Mom!
Mom!
- Mom!
- See?
-That wasn't so hard.
-I'm here now. okay?
I'm all yours.
you just let her go.
Selma. straight to business.
And after all these years.
Don't do that.
I'm not the same person.
I can see that.
And I really never... never
pegged you for your smarts.
Happy to have your approval.
I think we're finished here.
Quit stalling and
give me my daughter.
Out.
Oh. God.
come here. baby.
Did they hurt you. are you okay?
Come on. we're not animals.
Are they free to go?
If you ever breathe a word
of this to anyone...
I think it's safe to say
you know damn well
what we're capable of.
We're gonna make
your life a living hell.
Everybody's still going think
we the good guys.
But. Selma. I think we all know
you don't part ways here.
It's over with them. right?
Yeah. of course. our business
has only been with you.
I mean. they didn't even
need to get involved
if you would've just
known your place.
Go. Maddy. I'm sorry. I ever
brought this into your home.
Selma. Selma. I can't leave you.
I'm okay with this.
Go. go.
-Now what?
-Now we go home.
I can't have you running
around with all
the things you know about us.
-If you would have just--
-Just what?
Huh?
What. are you just gonna
forget about it all?
About Jason. your husband?
'Cause we haven't forgotten...
and I think it's time
for some atonement.
Are you just gonna
leave her here?
Mom!
No. no. no. I'm not.
I'm not leaving her.
Listen to me. you have your
learner's permit. okay?
Listen. I want you to take
the car and drive. don't stop.
I can't. I'm scared.
I believe in you.
you are a bright. young woman.
I just wish I told you
that more often.
Come on.
Go.
So...
it's time to re-break you.
I'm done begging. whatever you
gotta do to me. I'm ready.
Oh. i-it won't be me. I mean.
we brought in a specialist.
Oh. my sweet little Selma.
No.
You look like you've
just seen a ghost.
I shot you.
And just like everything else...
you screwed that up. too.
didn't you?
Come on. I already told you.
you're mine forever. baby.
I'm not gonna let you go.
There's nowhere you
can hide from me.
but we're gonna have
so much fun together. okay?
Yeah. we are. I'm gonna do
everything that I can
just to make sure
that our love...
feels that much more intense
this time. okay?
I'm gonna go finish up with
the boys and then you and me.
we're going home.
-What time's the drop off?
-This week or next week?
-This week.
-7:30.
- Who's picking it up?
- This week's?
- This week.
- John.
How about next week?
Next week?
Who's picking it up next week?
Now where's it being picked up?
-This week or next week?
-This week.
-7:30.
-How about next week?
Next week. what time next week?
It's grade-A stuff. no. right?
Yeah. it's a clean package.
Hey. check that out.
Hey. come on.
it's nothing. let's go.
What are doing here?
I told you.
I'll never fail you again.
Maddy. this is my mess.
not yours.
-Where the hell is Willow?
-I had her drive away.
Hurry. hurry!
All right. so I'm guessing
we're on foot?
I'm afraid so.
-Mom. Mom. Mom. Mom. Mom!
-Oh. my God. Willow!
Willow. what are you doing here?
Drive.
Stop. Stop.
I'm getting real
tired of this.
Don't you dare touch them.
Mom!
Mom. mom. are you okay?
Maddy. where's your inhaler?
It's in the car.
Maddy. I need you
to calm down. okay?
Breathe.
Breathe with me. okay?
Just like that.
Are those men gonna kill us?
Mom. Mom. please. Mom!
-Maddy. look at me.
-Mom?
Breathe with me. okay?
Breathe.
Dammit. someone get her inhaler!
Don't be so dramatic. okay?
The three of you here.
you're gonna
be in a ditch
soon enough anyways.
You worthless cowards.
this is not over.
Whatever you say. sweetheart.
Can we shut them up now?
It's getting old.
Yeah. yeah. I'll take
care of this one.
-We'll finish up the hole.
-Okay.
Well...
I guess our time
has come to an. uh...
an end.
My sweet little Selma.
I truly love you.
Selma.
You wouldn't.
I shot you once before.
you bastard. I'll do it again.
My mom looks really bad.
I'm gonna get us
outta here.
I won't let you die. Maddy.
How. huh?
How. Selma?
My guys are just right outside.
I'm gonna use you.
Don't try anything.
Hey. yo.
Easy. fellas. easy.
I need the inhaler.
in the car. Go.
Now get the inhaler in there.
Right now. I want you
to slowly put in my hand.
Oops.
Good night.
- Drop the gun. drop it!
- -Let me see your hands!
Drop it!
-You got him?
-Yep.
You okay?
Madison.
Madison! Madison!
Come on. Maddy.
-Come on. Maddy.
-We have EMT on its way.
Come on. Maddy.
Maddy. please.
Please. Maddy.
don't do this. please.
Come on.
Thank you for showing up
when you did.
My brother gave me a call.
Pretty smart move
you taking his phone.
Hey. come on. let's go.
Help is on the way. okay?
All I need is you.
You should be at a hospital.
Right. and miss all this?
Forget it.
How you holding up?
Just some bumps and bruises.
I'll live.
I met your sister.
you never mentioned her.
Yeah. she'll never let me
live this down.
You did good. Selma.
Real good.
Look. you let me know if you
ever need anything. all right?
Hey. deputy.
I could use a ride.
Come on.
So. I was thinking I could go
skiing with my friends
over winter break.
what do you think?
Well. it's cool with me
if it's cool with your father.
-What?
-Hey.
-Hey!
-Hi!
-Hey. guys.
Hope you saved room
for dessert.
We brought some wine.
- How are you?
- -My favorite.
-Thank you.
-Hello. beautiful.
I see you brought the pie.
So. you're doing it? California?
Yeah.
Sounds nice. doesn't it?
Well. we leave tomorrow.
I'm with another cop.
He's a good one.
I'm happy for you.
I wanna thank you. Maddy.
Well. I'm still mad at you...
but I love you more than ever.
I just hate that you're leaving.
now that I have you back.
Well. look on the bright side.
there will be a lot less
trouble around here.
We'll see about that.
Yeah.
I'll be back.
And no matter where I am.
I will always be her sister.
and that's forever.